You borrow Mr. Guo.
Who would say these things are more important now?
Who is mom? This is you. Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen.
Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen
Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen listen
How could the vice president value such a poor mystery?
You are so awesome now
The god over there is this kind of kid
Really over there
He is completely satisfied
What am I bringing here today?
Louwa's son
Then chasing so many daughters is
You can give it to me as you wish, young master
How do you get the guarantee?
Let's keep a gentleman together
Otherwise, when you Gao Taihui
Isn’t it our son’s fault?
If you are from Tianlou
Why not? Why is he such a person? Lou Hua?
If these two people continue to stay here
How do you think about our process?
Then you will be the one to come during our process.
He didn't tell you anything
If our equipment improves
It’s not just a few habits, it’s not that the equipment is in good condition.
I said it all
You two may ask
You go and make a video call
Five more o'clock
The sound lets you solve it a little bit